hello folks how are you hope you had a
nice holiday I'm just going to get right
into it here real quick so it is
Sunday about 10 minutes after 4 Eastern
Time p.m. ahead of the Sunday
opening so this is what we have on a
weekly chart I have the high and the low
delineated for the month of November for
NQ and we have this inbalance in here
it's is low this candle's high this area
right in
here
and with have a volume IM balance right
there I'm not going to note that but
have that on your chart as well so we
have buy side sitting
here sell side sitting
here before the opening bell at 6: p.m.
I favor a run here cuz I'm trying to
avoid picking a top in the in the market
so if
we do continuously move higher I expect
to see us break higher and one of the
levels we can look for is this
low up to this
high so
21580 and a quarter so if we break this
High using this retracement to this High
that's what I'm looking for as a upside
objective should we break above and
continue
above November's
High okay and now we drop down to our
daily
chart see that we
have this Gap and then this buy side
about cell sign
efficiency and we
have this volume of balance with this C
so if you note
that you can see the bodies are
respecting here and consequent
encroachment of this range see it trade
down to it
there this is what I was referring to on
X I said that uh this promotes very
difficult trading for sustained price
runs doesn't mean you can't take trades
just means that to have sustained price
runs from the daily
perspective this Cy in here price has
been held in at a little too
long and it's normal because of the
holiday the Thanksgiving holiday in the
US makes a little bit less
uh likely to see you large flows com
into the marketplace and you saw that
last week a lot of
range bound activity and then we have
this portion up here this gap which
is you see
here okay
and should we break
higher and we come back down in this
could be treated as an inversion fair
value Gap that's why I've highlighted
that color and that might provide in
Catalyst to send price up above
November's high and then to the
extension level that I just showed on
the daily chart drop down into an hourly
chart now so we have these relative
equal highs here I'm not so concerned
about this this Wick because we almost
got to consequent encouragement of this
Wick with these relative equal highs my
focus was primarily do we get above
these two relative equal highs and does
it show strength and willingness
to protract from these highs and then
higher so we're already just sitting on
top of that potential inversion fair
value Gap this Drew on the daily chart
so we had stop run with this low taken
out here you'll see when we get down the
15-minute time frame with
this is here's a volume in Balance but
we did have a stop around here and then
we left these relative equal highs so
I'm watching to see what we do in
regards to that should we get up there
obviously I don't know what the opening
price is going to be on Sunday no one
knows
that and then if we get above here I
would like to see them completely ignore
this Wick this trade higher and then
reach up into
November's High which is up
here a little bit of a range up there um
if we lose this
low then obviously um that changes
things for the week but I'm focusing on
maintaining a bullish stance on stock
indices proven Wrong by a breakdown then
I'll switch gears but until then I'm
going to stay with the higher time frame
narrative being bullish so 15minute time
frame you can
see there's that volume of Bounce here
on Wednesday draw that out we had sell
side below there and hit it beautifully
and then extrapolates to the upside
rical highs have been taken
there these are the next set of highs
I'm looking
for and this is the new week opening Gap
upper quadrant consequent encroachment
lower quadrant low and high respectively
and Monday's trading here breaks lower
hits the cell side there left this cell
side which later came back down in
Wednesday took it traded back up
into consequent corach of the new week
opening G let me go back here first
really this this's just appreciate the
the Precision that this uh this concept
I Shar with you provides we trade back
up to the hia here ri out of it hit the
cell side come back up consequent
encouragement below new week opening Gap
upper quadrant sweep below it false
break breaks higher low trades back up
upper quadrant consequent encouragement
consequent encouragement twice trades
outside of it to cby Optimal trade entry
sells off off sweeps below the level
that constitutes the inversion fa value
Gap we're looking at now trades back up
above volume of balance consequent
encroachment of new week opening Gap
trades outside of it cleans up some of
this cell side in here rallies back up
high the new week opening Gap consequent
encouragement low look at the B you're
respecting it consequent encouragement
as well breaks lower lower quadrant syns
it to the volume IM balance cell sides
taken lower quadrant the inversion fair
value got the Shaded area orange what
this is here trades up comes back down
into new week opening Gap high now we're
sitting here even though it looks a
little toppy in here I'd like to see us
you try to make an attempt to to run
aggressively higher um to come back down
to new week opening Gap you know can it
do that sure I guess it could um I'd
like to see it maybe let's do it like
this say we open with a softer opening
on 6 pm here in about uh 90 minutes or
so if that were to happen and we we open
softer we get a gap opening lower trade
down hit new week opening Gap and then
trade back above the Gap that's traded
by this present new week opening Gap
that would form if it did that trade
above that and then come back down find
some support there and then rally higher
that would be a little bit more
favorable idea I I certainly don't want
to see it open up here and then start to
trade back down the new week opening Gap
it's a little bit harder to navigate
with that on Monday so trading on Monday
would be optimal for me if we open trade
down other words the Gap somewhere in
here trade down to new week opening Gap
and then go back over top the new week
go to Gap this forming this week if it
were to Gap lower than where we close
that here okay so we have nonfarm
payroll conditions so you want to try to
focus on your setups on Monday and
Tuesday and be done by New York session
opening on Wednesday that's for new
Traders that's for folks that are new to
my Concepts or new to trading because it
just gets a little bit more squirly or
difficult after Wednesday's New York
opening okay and that's going to be it
for this one and I'll talk to you guys
tomorrow I'm sure until then be safe